push action button readme update (#309)
klaviyo/klaviyo-react-native-sdk: README.md

- [Android](https://github.com/klaviyo/klaviyo-android-sdk#Rich-Push)
- [iOS](https://github.com/klaviyo/klaviyo-swift-sdk#Rich-Push)

#### Push Action Buttons

> [Push Action Buttons](https://help.klaviyo.com/hc/en-us/article/46285872166683) is the ability to add clickable buttons to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Push Action Buttons](https://help.klaviyo.com/hc/en-us/article/46285872166683) provide the ability to add clickable buttons to
```

push notification messages. These buttons can show custom text, and, when clicked, deep link or open your app.

> Push notification messages can include a maximum of 3 buttons. No additional setup is needed to support push action buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A notification can include up to 3 buttons. No additional SDK setup is required.
```
